By downloading, or installing, or using this product, you indicate your 
acceptance of the following DJT License Agreement. This is a legal agreement 
between you (either an individual or an entity) and Dirk Lemmermann Software &
Consulting ("DLSC"). If you do not accept and agree with all of the terms of 
this agreement, do not order or download the DJT class library or any source 
code for the DJT class library.

SOFTWARE LICENSE  


The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. 
The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE  


1.1 If You Have Any Version Of A DJT Product: This license permits you to use
the class libraries, including source code if you have purchased it (i.e. Java
Packages), which may include electronic documentation (the "SOFTWARE"), on a 
single computer:

i) To Build Applets. Provided that applets you build are used only as an 
   internal component in end-user oriented user-interfaces, you may copy them 
   to additional computers (e.g. Web Servers), from which you may allow 
   end-users to download, royalty-free, the applets in the course of browsing 
   or interacting with Web pages you create. You are not permitted to 
   distribute the applets in any fashion which would promote, encourage or 
   allow reuse or redistribution of the applet, other than as permitted above;
   and

ii) To Build Stand-Alone Java Applications. You have a royalty-free right to 
    reproduce and distribute the class libraries as an integral part of your 
    application(s), subject to the restrictions below. 

1.2 Source Code. If you have purchased the "Source Code" version of any 
    product, you must use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality 
    of the source code, including ensuring that it is installed and used only 
    on the single machine (individual source code license) or machines (source
    code site license) for which it is licensed, and that it is not otherwise 
    used or copied.


1.3 Limited Distribution Rights. Your royalty-free distribution rights 
    described in Section 1.1 above are granted provided that you: 

(a) distribute the Applet or applets you build only in conjunction with and as
    an integral part of your Web pages, and distribute the class libraries only
    as an integral part of your end-user, stand-alone application;

(b) your Web pages or software product(s) are targeted at end-users, and are 
    not a development tool;

(c) you do not use DLSC's name to market your Web pages or application;

(d) you include a valid copyright notice on your Web pages and software 
    products; and

(e) you agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend DLSC and its suppliers 
    from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees, that 
    arise or result from the use or distribution of your Web pages and/or 
    applications. 

1.4 Use Definition. The SOFTWARE is "in use" on a computer when it is loaded 
    into temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or installed into permanent memory (e.g. 
    hard disk, CD-ROM, or other storage device) of that computer, except that 
    a copy installed on a network server for the sole purpose of distribution 
    to other computers is not "in use".

2. COPYRIGHT  


The SOFTWARE (including any images, photographs and text incorporated into the
SOFTWARE) is owned by DLSC or its suppliers and is protected by Germany's and 
other countries' copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore
you must treat the SOFTWARE like any other copyrighted material and not 
reproduce it except that you may either: (a) make one copy of the SOFTWARE 
solely for backup or archival purposes, or (b) transfer the SOFTWARE to a 
single hard disk provided you keep the original solely for backup or archival 
purposes. You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the SOFTWARE. 

3. OTHER RESTRICTIONS  


You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE, but you may transfer the SOFTWARE and 
accompanying written materials on a permanent basis provided you retain no 
copies and the recipient agrees to the terms of this License Agreement. You may
not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or translate the SOFTWARE, 
except to the extent such foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by 
applicable law. 

4. MISCELLANEOUS  


This license agreement is governed by the laws of Germany, and the parties 
agree to resolve any dispute exclusively in the courts of Lower Saxony, 
Germany. 

5. LIMITED WARRANTY  


LIMITED WARRANTY. DLSC warrants that (a) the SOFTWARE will perform 
substantially in accordance with the accompanying written materials for a 
period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt, and (b) any Support 
Services provided by DLSC shall be substantially as described in applicable 
written materials provided to you by DLSC, and DLSC will make commercially 
reasonable efforts to solve any problem issues. Some states and jurisdictions 
do not allow limitations on duration of an implied warranty, so the above 
limitation may not apply to you. To the extent allowed by applicable law, 
implied warranties on the SOFTWARE, if any, are limited to ninety (90) days. 

CUSTOMER REMEDIES. DLSC's and its suppliers' entire liability and your 
exclusive remedy shall be, at DLSC's option, either (a) return of the price 
paid, if any, or (b) repair or replacement of the SOFTWARE that does not meet 
DLSC's Limited Warranty and that is returned to DLSC with a copy of your 
receipt. This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the SOFTWARE has resulted
from accident, abuse, or misapplication. Any replacement SOFTWARE will be 
warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) 
days, whichever is longer.

SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER FOR HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES. The SOFTWARE is not designed or 
intended for use in high-risk activities including, without restricting the 
generality of the foregoing, on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, 
aircraft navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction,
operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. DLSC and its suppliers 
specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for such 
purposes or any other purposes. 

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. To the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable laws, in no event shall DLSC or its suppliers be liable for any 
damages whatsoever (including without limitation, damages for loss of business
profits, business interruption, loss of information, or other pecuniary loss) 
arising out of the use of or inability to use this DLSC product, even if DLSC 
has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states and 
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for 
consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to 
you. 

NO OTHER WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, DLSC 
AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE 
ACCOMPANYING PRINTED MATERIALS. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC 
LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY HAVE OTHERS WHICH VARY FROM STATE/JURISDICTION TO 
STATE/JURISDICTION. 

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL DLSC OR 
ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION,
OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF 
DLSC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, 
DLSC'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE OR 10.00 EURO; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A DLSC SUPPORT SERVICES 
AGREEMENT, DLSC'S ENTIRE LIABILITY REGARDING SUPPORT SERVICES SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY THE TERMS OF THAT AGREEMENT. BECAUSE SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS
DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION 
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 
